Document event propagation for falsy substate guards (#2080)
davidkpiano/xstate: docs/guides/guards.md

<iframe src="https://xstate.js.org/viz/?gist=09af23963bfa1767ce3900f2ae730029&embed=1&tab=events"></iframe>

> If the `cond` guard returns `false`, then the transition will not be selected, and no transition will take place from that state node. If a substate guard prevents a transition from being selected, the `event` will be propagated up the hierarchy for handling. A guard can therefore be used to conditionally override ancestral state transitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `cond` guard returns `false`, then the transition will not be selected, and no transition will take place from that state node. If all transitions in a child state have guards that evaluate to `false` and prevent them from being selected, the `event` will be propagated up to the parent state and handled there. 
```
